Intelligent machine proceses all :
	Decision making
	Problem solving
	Pattern recognition
	Path planning
	Natural language processing
	Inferencing

ML - 	Ability to learn without being explictly programmed.
		Improve performace automatically.
Autonomous - Self enabled
Data mining - Uses ML algos to extract data form unstructured data sets.

Clustering - Grouping/Organizing data into clusters
				- high intra-cluster similarity - belonging of data points to group should be strong.
				- low inter-cluster similarity - other groups should not have so  amny common features.


Degress of supervision:
	Supervised - Class label is given and clustering has to be done instead of classification. Will allow to frame a new group.
	Usupervised - No class labels are given, classification is done by machine on it's own.
	Semi-supervised - Data is halfway clustered. Eg : Reccomendation system
	Weakly-Supervised - Label is prominent for a set of data. Eg - Review is weak data as No. of people who buy < No of people who review.

Clustering Application:
	Google Car

Major clustering approaches:
	Partitioning approach:
		Constructs various partitions and evaluate by criterion.
			Eg : k - means, CLARANS
	Hierarchical approach:
		Create herarchial decomposition of set of data.
			Eg : Agglomerative, diana, agnes, BIRCH, ROCK
	Density based approach:
		Based on connectivity and density function.
			Eg : DBSCAN, OPTICS, DenClue
	Model based approach:
		Given a data set which will be the best fi for dta point.
			Eg : GMM (Gausian MM //Google this), COBWEB
	Spectral clustering approach:
		Convert data set into weighted graph. Cut graph into subgraph via spectral analysis. Analysis and seperation done on feture that is required.
		Spectral cuts - multidimensional prespective of clustering.
		// Google hyperspace and hyperplane.
			Eg : Normalized-Cuts
	Clustering ensemble approach:
		Combine multiple clustering approach.
		// Facebook student assosiation : Live data from facebook
		Use ensemble approach to cluster data.
// Google gartners cycle

Clustering algorithms family
	Function Regression:
		Predicting new number on avalability of data.
			OLSR, Linear, Logistic, MARS, LOESS
	Instance bassed algorithm:
		Databse of example data and compare new data.
			kNN, LVQ, SOM, LWL
	Bayesian:
		Explict application of Bayes theorem
			Naive bayes (NB), Gaussian NB, Multinomial NB, AODE, BBN, BN
	Decision Tree:
		Construct model of decesion based on actual values of the attributes
			CART, ID3, CHAID, Decesion stump, M5
			Conditional Decesion tree
				Likelihood value is imp. when taking decesion tree where probability is used instead of values.
	Clustering algorithms:
		modeling approaches, centroid based, heirarchial
			k-means, k-medians, EM, heirarchial clustering
	Deep learningL
		Semi supervised
		Modern update of ANN
			DBM
				8 puzzle : T is decided, it is number of moves. Eg : T > 8 then we stop playing.
			DBN
			CNN : Google autonomous driverless cars
				Convolution matrix (Not colinear)
				Ant no. of coulmns and rows. Many layers (hidden)
			Stack Auto - Encoders
				Data coding required for use in the network
	// Code for 8 puzzle problem
	Assosiation Rule learning algorithm:
		Market basket analysis
			If a person buys product A, he will buy other product B also.
			Reccomender and Suggester system. Eg: FB : You may know.
			// No confidence level found here
		Eg:
			Apriori algorithm
			Eclat algorithm
	Advanced Neural Network:
		MATLAB - toolbox - neural network
	Dimensionality reduction algorithms:
		Exploit inherent structure of data
			PCS,PCR,PLSR,MDS,Sammon Mapping, LDA,MDA,QDA
				Principal component analysis : If market is near 2km based on demographic data, I will go to a particular store.
	Ensemble Algorithms:
		Model composed of weaker models.
	Resularization Algorithm:
		Regularize the error term. Reduce errors.
	Other models
		SVM : Said to be 100% accurate.
Approach to learn ML Algorithms-
	
	What is the Standard and abbriviration used for algorithm?
	What is the Information processing stategy for algorithm?
	What is the Objective or goal for the algorithm?

	What are the Metaphors and anologies used to describe behavior of algorithm?
	What is the pseudocode or flowchart description of algo?
	What is the  heuristic rule of thumb for using algo? NAVY : numberical, kNN : Clustering based on data

	Classes of problem is algo well suited?
	What are Common benchmark or datasets used to demondtrate this algo? Eg : IRIS dataset - classification
	What are useful resources for learning more about algo?
	What are primary references in which algo war first described? Different version of same algo. Identify the base paper first.

Type of data clustering analysis:
	Categorical - Gender, no value for type.
	Ordinal 	- Says category with value.
	Interval 	- Variable is equally spaced. 10^C is not double hot as 5^C.
	Ratio 		- 4gm is twice is heavy as 2gm
	Variable and mized types - Others
Data Sets
	Related set of data of same nature cmoposed of similar elements
// UCI machine learning repository.
// archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets.html

K - MEANS

Education vs Income vs Age

1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9			//satrt with minimum two values which are different
A   B

A

B